feat: update stage 3 template (#964)
withastro/roadmap: stage-3--rfc-template.md

  of the accepted proposal.
-->

> **If you have feedback, please leave it on the Stage 3 PR (link below).**

Author: But is Stage 2 the right place for that once the feature is available as experimental? Genuinely curious

> **If you have feedback, please leave it on the Stage 3 PR (link below).**

Reviewer: A Stage 2 RFC should be closed at this point. It isn't specified in the `README.md`, and I'll update that. 

If a feature is available as experimental, Stage 3 is the right place for feedback.

> **If you have feedback, please leave it on the Stage 3 PR (link below).**

Author: Alright this is exactly the kind of explanation I want as part of the clarification PR.

```suggestion
**If you have feedback and the feature is released as experimental, please leave it on the Stage 3 PR. Otherwise, comment on the Stage 2 issue (links below).**
```

wdyt?

> **If you have feedback, please leave it on the Stage 3 PR (link below).**

Reviewer: Looks good to me!

> 

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't this part be put at last?

Author: I don't know, I feel like people are more likely to look at the first line than the one below the links. But happy to move it if more maintainers think the same as you!

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, we can wait for someone else to jump in.

Reviewer 3: I think it either being before or after the list is fine

> **If you have feedback and the feature is released as experimental, please leave it on the Stage 3 PR. Otherwise, comment on the Stage 2 issue (links below).**

Author: There's no link to the Stage 2 RFC below actually...should we add it to the template as well? More links can't hurt I guess

Reviewer: It's already here

https://github.com/withastro/roadmap/blob/0de5839720b0bb7bfe2d6c8736df69eff1262be9/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md?plain=1#L16

I think it's enough

Author: I don't know if it's enough. I opened this PR because people were confused where to leave feedback. If we tell them to go to the Stage 2 RFC but they have to go through the Stage 3 PR, it's not gonna help much imo

Reviewer: Got it. No problem! I don't mind adding more links, if they help
